[expo-sqlite] Correct rowsAffected result value on iOS. (#9317)
expo/expo: packages/expo-sqlite/CHANGELOG.md

### 🛠 Breaking changes

> - Changed behavior of `rowAfected` value in result of `executeSql` method in iOS to correctly handle cascade mutations and be on par with Android. ([@9137](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/9317) by [@mczernek](https://github.com/mczernek))

Reviewer: It's not a breaking change — `expo-sqlite` should comply with `WebSQL` specs so I think our implementation was broken in that place and no one should have relied on the current behavior of `rowsAffected`. If someone does rely on this, it's his fault and not our 😛

### 🎉 New features

### 🐛 Bug fixes

> - Fix incorrect `rowAffected` value in result of `executeSql` method on ios when delecting/updating cascadely. ([@9137](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/9317) by [@mczernek](https://github.com/mczernek))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix incorrect `rowsAffected` value in result of `executeSql` method on iOS when deleting/updating cascadely. ([@9137](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/9317) by [@mczernek](https://github.com/mczernek))
```
